Update README.md (#1381)
filecoin-project/devgrants: README.md

---

### Next Step Microgrants

> Starting <INSERT DATE HERE>, our microgrants program will be available specifically for pre-identified work within our ecosystem - starting with the upcoming FVM launch! If you are 1) building with FVM in a current project, 2) looking for ways to fund the next steps of your work, and 3) have a working prototype to showcase to our team, consider applying for a microgrant! Grants are valued at $5,000 USD and are paid in FIL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grants of $5,000 in FIL are available to support taking the _next step_ after you have created an initial prototype with Filecoin, IPFS, or related technologies.

Starting January 27, 2023, microgrants will exclusively be awarded for projects within rotating [Microgrant focus areas](https://github.com/filecoin-project/devgrants/blob/master/microgrants/microgrants.md#focus-areas). Applications for the most recent focus area, [Filecoin Virtual Machine](https://fvm.filecoin.io/), are currently being processed. Stay tuned for more information on the next round of focused microgrants!

<!-- KEEP THIS BLURB FOR RE-OPENING -->
<!-- If you have (1) a working prototype that (2) matches the current focus area and (3) concrete _next steps_ for your project, consider applying for a microgrant! -->

```
Since this is a landing page for the repo/program, we should skew towards a blurb that can stand the test of time:
- Move date/change to later in the blurb, and keep 1st sentence an overall summary.
- Extract FVM focus area
